बड ववरण/Bid Details
बड बंद होने क तारख/समय /Bid End Date/Time
22-09-2026 13:00:00
बड खुलने क तारख/समय /Bid Opening
Date/Time
23-09-2026 13:00:00
बड पेशकश वैधता (बंद होने क तारख से)/Bid Offer
Validity (From End Date)
90 (Days)
मं ालय/रा!य का नाम/Ministry/State Name
Ministry Of Railways
वभाग का नाम/Department Name
Indian Railways
संगठन का नाम/Organisation Name
Eastern Railway
काया%लय का नाम/Office Name
Eastern Railway Hq
िशकायत िनवारण के संपक% ववरण/ Contact details of
Grievance redressal
HOD Email id :alok.shakti@gov.in 
Buyer Email id: sanjeev.0586@gov.in
कुल मा ा/Total Quantity
1
व'तु (ेणी /Item Category
Multimedia Projector (MMP) (Q2)
एमएसएमई के िलए अनुभव के वष. और टन%ओवर से छूट 4दान
क गई है/MSE Relaxation for Years of
Experience and Turnover
No
'टाट%अप के िलए अनुभव के वष. और टन%ओवर से छूट 4दान
क गई है /Startup Relaxation for Years of
Experience and Turnover
No
व5ेता से मांगे गए द'तावेज़/Document required
from seller
Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by
the buyer
7या आप िनवदाकार9 :ारा अपलोड ;कए गए द'तावेज़9 को
िनवदा म< भाग लेने वाले सभी िनवदाकार9 को ;दखाना
चाहते ह>? संदभ% मेनू है/Do you want to show
documents uploaded by bidders to all
bidders participated in bid?
Yes (Documents submitted as part of a clarification or
representation during the tender/bid process will also be
displayed to other participated bidders after log in)
बड लगाने क समय सीमा 'वतः नहं बढ़ाने के िलए
आवBयक बड क संCया। / Minimum number of
bids required to disable automatic bid
extension
1
 
बड संCया/Bid Number: GEM/2026/B/7977682
;दनांक /Dated: 12-09-2026
बड द'तावेज़ / Bid Document
1 / 8

;दन9 क संCया, Mजनके िलए बड लगाने क समय-सीमा
बढ़ाई जाएगी। / Number of days for which Bid
would be auto-extended
3
ऑटो ए7सट<शन अिधकतम ;कतनी बार ;कया जाना है। /
Number of Auto Extension count
1
बड से Pरवस% नीलामी स;5य ;कया/Bid to RA enabled
No
बड का 4कार/Type of Bid
Single Packet Bid
तकनीक मूQयांकन के दौरान तकनीक 'पSीकरण हेतु
अनुमत समय /Time allowed for Technical
Clarifications during technical evaluation
2 Days
िनरTण आवBयक (सूचीबU िनरTण 4ािधकरण /जेम के साथ
पूव% पंजीकृत एज<िसय9 :ारा)/Inspection Required (By
Empanelled Inspection Authority / Agencies
pre-registered with GeM)
Yes
Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency
Yes
Type Of Inspection
Post Dispatch
Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority
Board of Officers
Auto CRAC Days
10
मूQयांकन पUित/Evaluation Method
Total value wise evaluation
मXय'थता खंड/Arbitration Clause
No
सुलह खंड/Mediation Clause
No
बड ववरण/Bid Details
ईएमड ववरण/EMD Detail
आवBयकता/Required
No
ईपीबीजी ववरण /ePBG Detail
आवBयकता/Required
No
बोली वभाजन लागू नहं ;कया गया/ Bid splitting not applied.
एमआईआई खरद वरयता/MII Purchase Preference
एमआईआई खरद वरयता/MII Purchase Preference
No
एमएसई खरद वरयता/MSE Purchase Preference
2 / 8

एमएसई खरद वरयता/MSE Purchase Preference
Yes
सूYम और लघु उ\म मूल उपकरण िनमा%ताओं/सेवा 4दाता
को खरद म< 4ाथिमकता, य;द उनका मूQय L1+X% /
Purchase Preference to MSE OEMs/ Service
Provider available upto price within L1+X%
15
सूYम और लघु उ\म मूल उपकरण िनमा%ता/सेवा 4दाता को
खरद म< 4ाथिमकता के िलए बड क मा ा का अिधकतम
4ितशत / Percentage of Bid quantity/amount for
MSE OEMs/ Service Provider Purchase preference
25
1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs
having valid Udyam Certificate and whose credentials are validated online through Udyam Registration portal as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued
by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail themselves of the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the
manufacturer / OEM of the offered product on GeM. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises and hence resellers offering products manufactured by some other OEM are not eligible for any
purchase preference. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service, and Buyer will decide eligibility for purchase preference based on
documentary evidence submitted in case of product bids, whereas in case of services the eligibility is
automatically validated. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has / have quoted price within L-1+ 15% (Selected
by Buyer) of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such MSE Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for 25% (selected by Buyer) percentage of total
quantity. The buyers are advised to refer the OM_No.1_4_2021_PPD_dated_18.05.2023 for compliance of
Concurrent application of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises Order, 2012 and Public
Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017. Benefits of MSE will be allowed only if seller is validated
on-line in GeM profile as well as validated and approved by Buyer after evaluation of documents submitted. 
2. Inspection of Stores by Nominated Inspection Authority / Agency of buyer or their
authorized representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer’s risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components, solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. The buyer has a right to inspect goods in reasonable manner and within
reasonable time at any reasonable place as indicated in contract. Inspection Fee/ Charges (as pre-greed between
buyer and Inspection Agency) would   be borne by the buyer as per their internal arrangement but may be
recovered from the seller if the consignment failed to conform to contractual specification and got  rejected by
the Inspection Officer .If so requested and accepted by the seller ,  initially seller may  pay for inspection
charges  as applicable and get the same  reimbursed from buyer if consignment accepted by the Inspecting
Officer . For reimbursement seller has to submit proof of payment to Inspection Agency.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
of inspection as per contract and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer, all reasonable facilities as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being and or have
been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the supply. The decision of the
purchaser representative /inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall be final and
binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,
which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide and deliver store / sample from consignment under inspection free of charge at any
such place other than his premises as the Inspecting officer may specify for acceptance tests for which
seller/OEM does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
3 / 8

In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack
of test facility at sellers premises, the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification. The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer.
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller.
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment. The Inspecting
officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
The seller shall if so required at his own expense shall mark or permit the Inspecting officer to mark all the
approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.
Multimedia Projector (MMP) ( 1 pieces )
Bis Required
Yes
तकनीक विशSयाँ /Technical Specifications
* जेम केटेगर विशS के अनुसार / As per GeM Category Speciﬁcation
ववरण/Speciﬁcation
विशS का नाम /Specification
Name
बड के िलए आवBयक अनुमत मूQय /Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)
Technical
Specifications
Technology
LCD
Native Resolution
1920 x 1200 (WUXGA), 3840 x 2160 (UHD 4K), 2560 x
1600 (WQXGA), 4096 x 2160 (4K), 5120 x 3200 (4K+)
Or higher
Brightness (Lumens)
7000, 7500, 8000, 8500, 9000, 9500, 10000, 12000,
13000, 14000, 16000, 18000, 20000, 22000, 25000,
30000, 40000, 60000, 21000 Or higher
Optical Zoom
Yes Or higher
If Yes, Optical Zoom (%)
160, 170, 175, 200, 210 Or higher
Remotely Controlled
Ye Or higher
If Yes, Type of Projector
Standard Throw (0.91 to 2.5)
Keystone Correction
Automatic & Manual Both Or higher
Type of Light Source
Laser
Minimum Life of Light
Source (In Normal Mode)
(Hours)
20000, 25000, 30000 Or higher
Lamp Hour Counter (In-Built)
Yes Or higher
Inbuilt Speaker
Yes Or higher
If Yes, Wattage of Speaker
16, 20 Or higher
Ports and
Connectivity
Number of HDMI Out Port
1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
Analog RGB In Port (Hours)
Yes Or higher
4 / 8

Analog RGB Out Port
Yes Or higher
HD Base T
Yes, No Or higher
Audio In
Yes Or higher
Audio Out
Yes Or higher
Storage Media Port
Yes Or higher
Number of USB Type A
1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
Number of USB Type B
1, 2, 3 Or higher
Wi Fi Connectivity
Yes Or higher
Wireless Screen Share
Yes Or higher
LAN Connectivity
Yes Or higher
Warranty
On Site OEM Warranty for
Light Source (Time or Life
in Hours whichever is
earlier)
3 Year or 15000 Hrs., 3 Year or 30000 Hrs., 5 Year or
10000 Hrs. Or higher
On Site OEM Warranty
3, 5 Or higher
ववरण/Speciﬁcation
विशS का नाम /Specification
Name
बड के िलए आवBयक अनुमत मूQय /Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)
Additional Specification Parameters - Multimedia Projector (MMP) ( 1 pieces ) 
Specification Parameter
Name
Bid Requirement (Allowed Values)
Standard Flow contrast ratio:
1: 250000 or better
No. of HDMI in port:
2
Projection Method:
Front and Rear both.
* Bidders offering must also comply with the additional specification parameters mentioned above. 
परेषती/Pरपो;ट`ग अिधकार तथा मा ा/Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity
5.सं./S.N
o.
परेषती/Pरपो;ट`ग
अिधकार /Consignee
Reporting/Officer
पता/Address
मा ा /Quantity
;डलीवर के ;दन/Delivery
Days
1
Girish Kumar Verma
811214,IRIMEE Workshop
Road,Jamalpur
1
30
5ेता :ारा जोड़ गई बड क वशेष शतc/Buyer Added Bid Specific Terms and Conditions
1. Generic
5 / 8

Actual delivery (and Installation & Commissioning (if covered in scope of supply)) is to be done at
following address
Prof./TS/IRIMEE
Locomotive Workshop Jamalpur
Bihar
Munger
Pin - 811214
.
2. Generic
Bidders are advised to check applicable GST on their own before quoting. Buyer will not take any
responsibility in this regards. GST reimbursement will be as per actuals or as per applicable rates
(whichever is lower), subject to the maximum of quoted GST %.
3. Generic
Manufacturer Authorization:Wherever Authorised Distributors/service providers are submitting the
bid, Authorisation Form /Certificate with OEM/Original Service Provider details such as name, designation,
address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid
4. Warranty
Warranty period of the supplied products shall be as given in specifications from the date of final
acceptance of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful
Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of
any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should have well established Installation,
Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after
sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the
bid.
5. Service & Support
Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM  must have  Dedicated/toll Free
Telephone No. for Service Support.
6. Scope of Supply
Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods
7. Buyer Added Bid Specific ATC
Buyer Added text based ATC clauses
1. ​Manufacturer or their authorized dealer can participate in this tender, but in c
ase of participation made by authorized dealer than valid bid speciﬁc authorizati
on of OEM must be uploaded along with the offer. If failed to submit the same, th
eir offer will be summarily rejected.
2. Bidder must have to comply additional speciﬁcation parameters and supply ac
cordingly. 
.
8. Certificates
Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the
Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
9. Buyer Added Bid Specific ATC
6 / 8

Buyer uploaded ATC document Click here to view the file.
अ'वीकरण/Disclaimer
The Additional Terms and Conditions (ATC) have been incorporated by the Buyer after approval of their
Competent Authority. The Buyer ,is solely responsible for the impact of these clauses on the bidding process, its
outcome, and consequences thereof including any restriction arising in the bidding process due to these ATCs
and including the modification of technical specifications and / or terms and conditions governing the bid.All
representations / grievances pertaining to the ATC clauses shall be raised with the buyer organization directly
and not with GeM.If any of the clause(s) is/are incorporated by the Buyer regarding the following, the bid &
resultant contract shall be treated as null & void. Further, GeM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel
the bid forthwith, without issuance of any prior notice or intimation :-
1. Publishing Custom / BOQ bids for items for which regular GeM categories are available (unless such
Custom / BOQ item is bunched with the major regular product Category Item).
2. Mandating procurement of / from specific Brand / Make / Model / Manufacturer / Dealer except in case of
Single Bid / Proprietary Article Certificate (PAC) Buying.
3. Inclusion of disqualification criteria related to suspension of seller / service provider, where such
suspension period has already expired.
4. Mandating submission of documents (other than EMD and signed Integrity Pact - which can be submitted
within 5 days of bid opening) in physical form as a pre-requisite to qualify bidders.
5. Publishing bids on GeM for procurement of works.
6. Procurement of Goods by creating a Service bid on GeM & vice-versa.
7. Seeking sample with bid or approval of samples during bid evaluation process. However, trial / sample, as
the case may be, shall be permitted in cases where trial / sample are allowed as per approved and
published procurement policy of the Buyers’ controlling Ministry / Department / State / Public Sector
Enterprises Headquarters. If there is any violation of trial / sample clause with regard to approved policy
of the Buyers’ Ministry / Department / State / Public Sector Enterprises Headquarters, then this is to be
determined and redressed by the concerned Buyer Organisation only.
8. Seeking experience from specific organization / department / institute only or from foreign / export
experience.
9. Creating bid for items from incorrect categories.
10. Reference of conditions published on any external site or reference to external documents/clauses.
11. Asking for any Tender fee / Bid Participation fee, as the case may be.
12. Buyer added ATC Clauses which are in contravention of clauses defined in bid detail section, including
specifications, EMD Detail, ePBG Detail and MII and MSE Purchase Preference sections of the bid, unless
otherwise allowed by the applicable GeM GTC.
13. Any ATC clause in contravention with GeM GTC Clause 4 (xiii) (h) will be invalid. In case of multiple L1
bidders against a service bid, the buyer shall place the Contract by selection of a bidder amongst the L-1
bidders through a Random Algorithm executed by GeM system.
14. In a category based bid, adding additional items, through buyer added, additional scope of work/
additional terms and conditions/or any other document. If buyer needs more items along with the main
item, the same must be added through bunching category based items or by bunching custom catalogues
or bunching a BoQ with the main category based item, the same must not be done through ATC or Scope
of Work.
Further, if any seller has any objection/grievance against these additional clauses or otherwise on any aspect of
this bid, they can raise their representation against the same by using the Representation window provided in
the bid details field in Seller dashboard after logging in as a seller. Buyer is duty bound to reply to all such
representations and would not be allowed to open bids if he fails to reply to such representations.
All GeM Sellers/Service Providers shall ensure full compliance with all applicable labour laws,
including the provisions, rules, schemes and guidelines under the four Labour Codes i.e. the Code
on Wages, 2019; the Industrial Relations Code, 2020; the Occupational Safety, Health and Working
Conditions Code, 2020; and the Code on Social Security, 2020 as and when notified and brought into
force by the Government of India.
7 / 8

For all provisions of the Labour Codes that are pending operationalisation through rules, schemes or
notifications, the corresponding provisions of the pre-existing labour enactments (such as The
Minimum Wages Act, 1948, The Payment of Wages Act, 1936, The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965, The
Equal Remuneration Act, 1976, The Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, etc. and relevant State Rules)
shall continue to remain applicable.
The Seller/ Service Providers shall, therefore, be responsible for ensuring compliance under:
All notified and enforceable provisions of the new Labour Codes as mentioned hereinabove;
and
All operative provisions of the erstwhile Labour Laws until their complete substitution.
All obligations relating to wages, social security, safety, working conditions, industrial relations etc.
and any other statutory requirements shall be strictly met by the Seller/ Service Provider. Any non-
compliance shall constitute a breach of the contract and shall entitle the Buyer to take appropriate
action in accordance with the contract and applicable law.
This Bid is governed by the General Terms and Conditions, conditions stipulated in Bid and Service
Level Agreement specific to the Service, as the case may be, as provided in the Marketplace.
However, in case of Service, if any condition specified in General Terms and Conditions is
contradicted by the conditions stipulated in Service Level Agreement specific to said Service, then it
will over-ride the conditions in the General Terms and Conditions.
यह बड सामाdय शत. के अंतग%त भी शािसत है /This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions
जेम क सामाdय शत. के खंड 26 के संदभ% म< भारत के साथ भूिम सीमा साझा करने वाले देश के बडर से खरद पर 4ितबंध के संबंध म<
भारत के साथ भूिम सीमा साझा करने वाले देश का कोई भी बडर इस िनवदा म< बड देने के िलए तभी पा  होगा जब वह बड देने वाला
सTम 4ािधकार के पास पंजीकृत हो।बड म< भाग लेते समय बडर को इसका अनुपालन करना होगा और कोई भी गलत घोषणा ;कए जाने
व इसका अनुपालन न करने पर अनुबंध को तgकाल समाh करने और कानून के अनुसार आगे क कानूनी कार%वाई का आधार होगा।/In terms
of GeM GTC clause 26 regarding Restrictions on procurement from a bidder of a country which shares a land border with India, any bidder from a country which shares a
land border with India will be eligible to bid in this tender only if the bidder is registered with the Competent Authority. While participating in bid, Bidder has to undertake
compliance of this and any false declaration and non-compliance of this would be a ground for immediate termination of the contract and further legal action in
accordance with the laws.
---धdयवाद/Thank You---
8 / 8
